docs: "What's new in Svelte" November newsletter (#9360)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/blog/2023-11-01-whats-new-in-svelte-november-2023.md

Let's take a closer look 👀...

## What's new in Svelte & Language Tools
- Svelte 4.2.2 cleans up a few element-specific features ([Release Notes](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/blob/master/packages/svelte/CHANGELOG.md#422))
- Extensions 107.12.0 improves block folding for functions, if statements and more ([Release Notes](https://github.com/sveltejs/language-tools/releases/tag/extensions-107.12.0), [PR](https://github.com/sveltejs/language-tools/pull/2169))

## What's new in SvelteKit
- Route parameter types will now be inferred from the applicable matcher's guard check (**1.26.0**, [Docs](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/advanced-routing#matching), [#10755](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/pull/10755))
- The new `invalidateAll` boolean option lets you turn on and off the `invalidateAll()` form function within the `enhance` callback (**1.27.0**, [Docs](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/form-actions#progressive-enhancement-use-enhance), [#9476](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/issues/9476))

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The output of the project creation wizard will now reflect which package manager you're using ([#10811](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/pull/10811))

```

  - [2023 October 13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tp6ctouCX7A) - SvelteKit 1.25.2, How Melt UI works
  - [2023 October 20](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O13bGtOV-aA) - Kit 1.26.0, Svelte 4.2.2, dynamically-loaded components

_To Watch_
- [SvelteKit & TailwindCSS Tutorial – Build & Deploy a Web Portfolio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2UjwQzxvBQ) by freeCodeCamp.org
- [Why SvelteKit? [Intro to SvelteKit 1.0, part 1]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FP4AylVsiT8) by Jeffrey Codes Javascript
- [Build an AI Chatbot - it's that easy?!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcDj9_590Xg) by Simon Prammer
- [Introduction to SvelteKit | FREE 5 HOUR SVELTE WORKSHOP 2023 | Lessons + Coding Exercises](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWRhX_Hzyf8) by This Dot Media

_To Read_
- [What we learned from migrating our web app to SvelteKit](https://blog.datawrapper.de/migrating-our-web-app-to-sveltekit/) by Marten Sigwart
- [SvelteKit Tutorial: Build a Website From Scratch](https://prismic.io/blog/svelte-sveltekit-tutorial) by Prismic has been updated based on the latest SvelteKit features
- [Svelte by Example](https://sveltebyexample.com/) is a succinct, gentle introduction to Svelte & SvelteKit

> - [The Comprehensive Guide to Locals in SvelteKit](https://khromov.se/the-comprehensive-guide-to-locals-in-sveltekit/) and [The Comprehensive Guide to Locals in SvelteKit](https://khromov.se/the-comprehensive-guide-to-locals-in-sveltekit/) by Stanislav Khromov

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [The Comprehensive Guide to Locals in SvelteKit](https://khromov.se/the-comprehensive-guide-to-locals-in-sveltekit/) by Stanislav Khromov
```

- [Svelte by Example](https://sveltebyexample.com/) is a succinct, gentle introduction to Svelte & SvelteKit
- [The Comprehensive Guide to Locals in SvelteKit](https://khromov.se/the-comprehensive-guide-to-locals-in-sveltekit/) by Stanislav Khromov
- [How to build a blog, the hard way](https://cpf.sh/blog/2023/10/27/how-to-build-a-blog-the-hard-way) by Curtis Parfitt-Ford
- [How to make a full-content RSS feed for your SvelteKit blog](https://www.kylenazario.com/blog/full-content-rss-feed-with-sveltekit) by Kyle Nazario
- [A simple hash-routed dialog system with Svelte](https://inorganik.net/posts/2023-10-08-routed-svelte-dialogs) by Jamie Perkins
- [When and Where to Render](https://blog.robino.dev/posts/rendering-strategies) and [One Less Reason to Build a Native App](https://blog.robino.dev/posts/install-web-app) by Ross Robino
- [Open Neovim From Your Browser - Integrating nvim with Svelte’s Inspector](https://theosteiner.de/open-neovim-from-your-browser-integrating-nvim-with-sveltes-inspector) by Theo Steiner

**Libraries, Tools & Components**

> - [Deno now supports](https://github.com/denoland/deno/pull/21026) creating SvelteKit projects out-of-the-box! Previously you had to create them with npm and then you could run them with Deno.

Reviewer: I thought you could run SvelteKit projects in Deno, but it turns out it's not working yet, so here's a possible tweak to this bullet:
```suggestion
- Work to [support SvelteKit in Deno](https://github.com/denoland/deno/issues/17248) is ongoing and [Deno now supports](https://github.com/denoland/deno/pull/21026) creating SvelteKit projects out-of-the-box!
```

## Community Showcase

> Mark your calendars! [Svelte Summit Fall](https://www.sveltesummit.com/2023/fall) is on November 11th. Join us on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@SvelteSociety/streams) and in the [Discord](https://svelte.dev/chat) for hours of Svelte-focused fun 🎥

Reviewer: I'd probably move this up to the intro paragraph
